SPLASH_PAGE;
Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument is a diverse, tropical desert on the international boundary and 60 miles from the Sea of Cortez. Summers are VERY hot and winters are mild. Interns will gain experience with wildlife inventory and monitoring and research, including work to conserve threatened and endangered species and other species of conservation concern. Tasks will be performed both independently and with others as part of a team. Candidates will likely assist with inventory or monitoring projects for the following taxa:;
Point counts for birds, small mammal trapping, camera trapping, and acoustic monitoring for bats, reptile visual encounter surveys, line transects for tortoises, pitfall/funnel trapping for snakes, amphibian monitoring (acoustic and visual encounter surveys);
Some surveys for arthropods may occur also. Disease surveillance will occur as part of field activities, including for White-nose Syndrome in bats and Chytridiomycosis in amphibians.;
SPLASH_PAGE_END;
INFORMATION;
Wildlife Internship;
Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument is a diverse, tropical desert on the international boundary and 60 miles from the Sea of Cortez. Summers are VERY hot and winters are mild. Interns will gain experience with wildlife inventory and monitoring and research, including work to conserve threatened and endangered species and other species of conservation concern. Tasks will be performed both independently and with others as part of a team.
INFORMATION_END;
QUESTIONS;
Why are you interested in this position? What traits/experiences do you have that make you a good fit?;
Tell us about a time when there was tension on a team you were a part of. How did you address that dynamic?;
Describe your level of familiarity with any of the following: setting up and taking down small animal traps, radio-tracking wildlife, operating trail cameras, placing acoustic monitoring equipment, and managing data collected in the field following specific protocols.;
QUESTIONS_END;
ANSWERS;
I have always loved wildlife. Ever since I was a little kid, I can remember being drawn to animals. When I was 8 years old, I found a lizard on a family hike and brought it home as a pet. I named it Elden, because that's the name of the trail where I found it. We brought it back to where I found it and released it a few weeks later. Ever since then, I've wanted to work with wildlife!;
In my BIO122 class last fall, we were given a group assignment to create a visual and tactile diagram of a plant cell. The 4 group members and I divided up the work and set a meeting date to put it all together before the deadline. Tension arose when we realized it was more work than we had set aside to finalize the project. We ended up staying up all night before the due date in order to finish. Although we got a good grade, I learned that when it comes to group work - more time is needed to coordinate for a good final product than how much time it'd take me to do a project on my own.;
Well, I have collected data in some of my lab classes as a part of assignments... but I have never done any of the other techniques.;
I have always gotten the best grades in my wildlife courses. I have a passion for wildlife that drives me to know as much about various species as possible. Do to this passion, over time I have learned about data collection techniques typically used with surveying wildlife. I was psyched to read in the job description that I would likely be assisting with some of these techniques.;
In BIO122, the group I got put into was kind of disorganized. We nearly missed the deadline because they didn't do enough soon enough. We had to pull an all-nighter just to have something to turn in! I kept my cool during this tension, but a couple of the others did not.;
Reading the list of techniques, I know I have a lot to learn. I have not used them specifically they way they're described here but I do feel I know a little about each. I am a hard worker and a quick learner!;
Based on what is written in the job description, I would say I'm a good fit for this position because I am very comfortable working outdoors. I enjoy hard work and have plenty of experience doing it in poor weather conditions. I have a keen interest in wildlife and know some basic data collection techniques from classes I have taken.;
I've never experienced tension while working in a group.;
I have worked with small animal traps at home before and am comfortable collecting data and following protocols. I've so far gotten loads of practice with this in my entomology class. I don't have direct experience with the others, but am - for example - familiar with cameras. I am definitely interested in learning more about wildlife specific cameras as well as radio tracking techniques!;
ANSWERS_END;
FEEDBACK;
This answer shows enthusiasm, but not much else. It also may be an overshare. Focus on one or two skills related to the job itself and how you are a good match with those skills.;
Nice job using the STAR method to answer this behavior-based question!;
It may be tempting to this candidate to just say they don’t have experience – it may feel authentic. But – this answer is missing a big opportunity for the candidate to explain more about the experience they do have!;
Something specific related to the job description was mentioned! This answer could be interpreted as having too much ego, though.;
This answer covers the first two categories of the STAR method, but quickly devolved into an opportunity to complain about the team. This is really only ever seen by the interviewer as the candidate not being a team player so avoid this approach at all costs!;
This seems honest and a direct answer to the question… but it is vague and uses cliché statements like ‘hard worker’ and ‘quick learner’ without any specific examples. Remember to be specific and give examples!;
This answer shows enthusiasm, mentions at least one specific skill from the job description, and even intuits that the working conditions outside would be a challenge at times – and shows competency for that as well. Nice job!;
This may feel like a truthful answer or a safe answer when the candidate is nervous – but it is seen as either lazy or insincere. The candidate should’ve taken a little extra time to come up with some scenario – even if they had to change the scenario a little to fit the situation to their set of experiences.;
Nice answer! It addresses the particulars of the question. It uses specific examples. It even addresses weaknesses while showing enthusiasm!;
FEEDBACK_END;
SCORES;
2;
10;
3;
6;
1;
2;
10;
1;
10;
SCORES_END;
PROS;
Honest, enthusiastic;
Experience in the outdoors;
Seems to have the most experience of the candidates.;
PROS_END;
CONS;
Full of themselves?;
Complainer?;
Not enough detail in answers… Lazy or insincere?;
CONS_END;