SPLASH_PAGE;
SPLASH_PAGE_END;
INFORMATION;
Engineering Intern;
Interns will typically support one or more experienced engineers in performance of assignments, spend time shadowing actual operations, and have unique assignments that support larger projects as well as experience the day-to-day workings of engineering. Interns may perform and/or participate in additional activities/events which help them build a strong network within the community and with fellow interns.;
INFORMATION_END;
QUESTIONS;
Why should we hire you?;
Imagine a pot of boiling water on the stove. You put the lid on and immediately turn the heat off. You come back hours later and the lid seems stuck. Explain what is going on (scientifically).;
Finish this sentence: My ideal supervisor would be…;
QUESTIONS_END;
ANSWERS;
This position will help me become a better engineer. I especially like that I would be calculating values related to thermodynamic properties of plastics.;
pV=nRT;
...a kind person who doesn’t get on my back when I make a mistake. I had this one supervisor who was awful! They would always...;
 I work hard and I’m attentive to details. That’s what my classmates say, anyway!;
I can’t remember the formula, but based on what you describe - since substances expand when their heated and contract when their cooled, I believe that the water/steam cooled and that created a slight vacuum inside the pot.;
...someone who can connect me to future career opportunities and support my current initiatives.;
Based on the needs stated on the job description, I’d be a good fit because I communicate well and I’ve taken a thermodynamics class. I also feel like I’d be a good fit with the organization's culture based on what I’ve seen on the website.;
I’m sorry - although I understand the concept you describe, I’m not confident of the answer - so I’ll just say I don’t know.;
...a good communicator who understands the work I do, but allows me to take the lead on actually getting it done.;
ANSWERS_END;
FEEDBACK;
This may be true, but an answer that addresses the employer’s needs first is a better one.;
This is the correct formula to scientifically describe what is happening, but a better answer would explain in plain words (although including the formula would be fine, too!);
NEVER speak poorly of anyone during an interview. Interviewers will conclude that YOU are a negative person - no matter how factual the story is!;
This may be true, but the answer should have examples of work ethic and when they’ve mastered details. Stating general characteristics are a sure way to make an interviewer want to fall asleep!;
Employers are most interested in learning HOW you think. This answer does a great job of that!;
Be cautious in how much you convey to an interviewer (before you even have a job offer) your plans for your next career move.;
YES. The candidate focused their answer on how they can address the needs of the employer. These can be found in the job description and on the organization’s web pages.;
This candidate should at least have tried to explain what they do know.;
If the supervisor feels this is a good fit for the position and them, they will think this is a good answer.;
FEEDBACK_END;
SCORES;
5;
5;
2;
3;
10;
5;
10;
2;
10;
SCORES_END;
PROS;
This candidate succeeded in showing a understanding of some of the tasks related to the job.;
This candidate showed how they would solve a problem, which is super important to any job!;
This candidate showed a good understanding of the company they are applying for, and therefore structured their answers around the company’s mission and values.;
PROS_END;
CONS;
Maybe a little too focused on their own needs rather than the needs of the company.;
Did not give many other concrete examples of their character.;
Failed to show their thought process when confronted with a problem.;
CONS_END;